The excess max, this one right here. Yeah.
But I'm so sour on apple because of what they did with the batteries.
Yeah.
That was such a dirty thing to me because everybody had always suspected,
like my friend, Brian was always like, dude,
I'm telling you when the new phones come out,
your old phone starts moving slower. I'm like, dude, that's a conspiracy.
That's all horse. Yeah. Like your phone's just old bro.
But then when I found out that it was real mm-hmm <affirmative> I was like,
you <laugh> and to.
It's the problem, pretend the problem was the way they didn't tell people.
Like they could have just avoided like the whole, whatever, like PR we wanna,
whatever you wanna call it by just telling people, look, this is what we do.
When your phone's getting older, we need to preserve either the CPU or battery.
So we need to either voltage down the CPU or save your battery,
pick one and give us a choice.
They didn't tell us until people started suspecting things and they had to make
a statement and then it looked kind of dirty and like hidden it. I don't buy it.
Yeah. I think it's a trick to try to get you to buy new.
Phones. I don't, there's no way they didn't think about that. Yeah, of course.
There's.
No chance about it. About that. Yeah. Why else would they do it that way? Why,
why else wouldn't they just let the battery be slower or let the, the,
the CPU be slower.
And the best part is they give you the choice now. But if you never look for it,
you'll never find it.
And they definitely still default to saving your battery by under clocking a
chip. So your phone will still slow down.
If you don't know where to find that option in the sales, soon.
As the new phones come out, basically.
Your <laugh>, it's just dirty. It seems pretty dirty. Yeah, because it's.
The thing that everybody always suspected, oh,
everybody always suspected there was some sort of, uh, engineered obsolescence.
And they're, they're doing this on purpose to get you to keep buying the newest,
latest and greatest. But I wanted to like go, nah,
apple on apple. Wouldn't do that. I.
Mean, they're your friends, they paint this picture. That's really up upright.
And like, we want you to have the best experience. Yeah. As long as possible.
Sure. Which involves not replacing your battery,
which means we'll just slow down your phone just a little bit. Yeah.
So that it's, it lasts longer and the battery can keep up. Makes sense on paper,
but on.
Paper. Well, there's a lot of things about apple that I really like.
I really love the, the OS. I really love it. I mean, it's,
it's just so much better than windows,
but their keyboard sucks so bad on their laptop. It's just, oh.
The laptop. Yeah.
Clicky. It just doesn't, it doesn't feel good. There''s got shallow travel.
There's all, all these issues with, I switched to a Lenovo.
I went with a think PADD okay. Just for, for standup. I have to write a lot.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and I found out that I've way slower,
like maybe 10 words per minute slower. Huh? Like it's,
it's a real issue because it's like,
you make a lot more mistakes with those little shallow clicky things. Yeah.
And with the Lenovo, you have a, a much, you have much more travel.
It's much easier to touch type. It just feels better for me.
But that bus me out. It's like, why can't they get that? Right. Like you,
you're making these things for creative people. Right? That's your whole thing.
It's like think different, you know.
That's another thing I kind of got like.
It it's again like what apple tries to portray themself as versus what you're
actually experiencing. If you never listen to apple and you get the new laptop,
you're like, wow, this keyboard's worse. Yeah. This sucks.
Why is this keyboard so shallow and mushy. Yeah. Uh,
and then you're supposed to listen to apple and they're like, well,
we made it quieter. We, it thinner. So the laptop's thinner now.
Uh, and they'll,
they'll give you all these reasons why they did what they did and they're,
you're supposed to go. Oh, okay. Yeah. That actually makes sense.
Maybe this is better, but your experience often says the opposite.
So that's why people like to not listen to what apple says and just evaluate it
without listening to that, which is particularly for writers,
for someone who writes, uh, and you write on a regular basis,
you want a comfortable keyboard and you know, I've,
I've constantly searched for the best keyboard.
And right now I think it's probably the think PADD,
but I've heard great things about the razor, the razor pro mm.
Which is the really large gaming one.
It has a mechanical keyboard for the first time ever on a laptop. Yeah.
And that's supposed to be really good. I have.
Tried the blade and I've tried, what I'm using right now is the surface,
the Microsoft surface laptop too. And that's got a pretty good keyboard. Yeah.
It's travels a lot. It's back lit.
And then the actual laptop part itself is not metal. It's got like,
alconara like you might see inside a car, like a soft touch on the laptop.
I I' in my backpack. Yeah. So, oh.
Pull that out. Go grab that. Let I'll grab that. It's kind of Al Canara. Yeah.
Like fakes, suede. Yeah. Like what you've seen in car. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
That'ss the craziest I've ever heard in my life. Al Canara yeah. Um,
the razor pull up, uh, that razor blade pro too. If you get a chance,
we'll look at the surface first, cuz he's gonna go that,
but the razor blade pro it's also,
it's an enormous laptop and it has the, yeah, that's it right there.
The razor blade pro is so big and wide that it actually has the mouse
on the side, like a track pad. This is it. Huh? So that's.
The surface laptop too. Oh.
Wow.
How weird? The keyboard's pretty good. It's.
Like a polished aalconar. Ooh, that feels good.
Yeah. It does the question though. Whenever you see that material is like,
if I'm putting my palms on that all the time, how long will that last?
Will it start to like thin out and look kind of worn after a while?
Or will it stay looking like that? I hope it does.
And also the whole laptop's matte black, which is, I've think that looks dope,
but that's also usually a fingerprint magnet.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> when you carry around like a matte black thing,
you get like all this, this grease on it or whatever, carrying it.
So like that's a challenge for that laptop, but I love it.
The other thing about the difference between the keyboard on this versus
the keyboard on, uh, what I have is I have the, uh,
Lenovo carbon X one mm-hmm <affirmative> and what I really like about this is
that there's, they're not flat. They have like a little bit of a,
like a dip to them. So your fingers sort of sit in them a little bit. Yeah.
There's like a little bit of a.
Yeah. That's smart. I wish more so like you kind of it's easier. Oh yeah.
It's easier to touch type when you have yeah, exactly. Like the spot. Yeah.
Why don't people figure that out?
I think all of it is just, you get used to it. Like there is a,
there's a Google tablet that came out recently with the $200 keyboard,
accessory that has circular keys and slightly
concave, but like typing on it was fine. And like they claim like, oh yeah.
Once you get used to it,
like the surface area of the key being circular makes it easier to type faster
after a while. Huh? I dunno if I buy that yet, but maybe if you.
Were a secretary and you really.
You're really used to the circular, it looks like a typewriter.
When' you just look at it. Hmm. Which.
One is pull, pull.
That thing up. That would be the Google. Oh, what do they call it?
Something tab. It came out like the same time.
The pixel three and their naming is weird with them, but it has a, yeah,
basically a, a surface like, like $200 keyboard, magnet, accessory.
You can prop it up at any angle and it goes from a tablet to a laptop with this
or dock. Huh. And then it's, uh, it's kind of interesting,
but the circular keys, I found weird that.
Aalcontara on the handrest feels amazing. Yeah. Makes that's really nice. Yeah.
I think I get used to that. I.
I I've been using a MacBook pro for so long. Like I, the contrast is like, I,
I was really used to like having metal and like metal feels premium and good.
So like it's not gonna wear down. Um, but I, I like this a lot actually. Well.
What metal doesn't feel good though?
Is on your hands when you're sitting on it for a long time.
If you're writing edges, the edge. Yeah. The.
Edges. Yeah. They kind of got the edges right. Where like they wrap the,
the material around to the sides. Yeah. And MacBook pro is literally sharp.
Yeah.
It cuts you kind.
Of, if you put your hands on the edge for too long.
Lenovo is carbon fiber. Nice. So this whole thing is, uh, it's not cheap though.
No, it's not cheap. Yeah. It's in comparison to, uh, a Mac laptop though.
It's it is. And there's way more options. That's the other thing with a Mac,
you get like a 13 inch, you get a 15 inch,
you get a touch bar or you get nothing. Yeah. What's the matter Jamie pixel.
Slid. I just had it there. The picture changed.
Oh, these.
That's what it's called though. Pixel slate. There it is. Oh.
There it is. Favorite name. Okay. So those are the keys. Huh?
Those are circular keys. And that sort of connects to the tablet. It's.
A great accessory. Like the, the magnet on the back. Like,
I don't know if you've seen a surface, the tablet with the little kickstand,
you kind of have like a couple apple notches where you can adjust it.
And I think the new version has infinite adjustment, but this is the same thing.
Like there's a magnet in the back of the surface or the, the pixel slate.
<laugh> that lets you adjust the tablet to any angle, watch videos, type,
whatever. Apple's.
The only company that makes keyboards that I know that had it better in like
2012 than they do in 2018. If you get a 2012 MacBook,
you go, Ooh, this is kind of better. <laugh> there's more travel.
Yeah. You might think it's like an upgrade if they went backwards. Yeah. Yeah.
That's I agree. Goofy. <laugh> what the kinda agree.
I don't know how they did that. Yeah. They're so design oriented. I mean,
everything looks stellar.
That's what it is. Apple has been, uh,
not a victim of their own desire to make great design,
but they often very often make compromises sometimes to the detriment of
how good a product can be to make it look better-hmm classic example was the Mac
pro the little circular trash can looking Mac pro that came out yeah.
2012 or something like that. Mm-hmm <affirmative> uh, they kept,
they made all these promises. It's this sleek, modern workstation.
It's gonna have the Zion chips and big GPUs. And I loved it. Uh,
but it only had one fan for a six,
7,000 workstation and they constantly overheated and would
throttle. And eventually it was a nightmare.
For them. Wasn't that? Something that was going on with the latest laptops,
with the latest MacBook pros. Oh yeah. Yeah. Same.
Thing. Yeah. Same thing. They made the, the, I nine the core I nine,
they put in this super thin laptop,
they made this laptop so thin and they kept the fan speed. So low,
gotta be quiet. Very question. So they,
they just throttled the CPU down,
so it wouldn't get so hot that they had to kick up the fans that high. So.
The actual performance,
even though the CPU was more powerful was not as good as the last model. Right.
That's which.
Was to make it look good. Exactly stupid. So yeah,
Apple's been a victim of their own like desire to make so beautiful times.
And then they got by huawe cuz Huawei came along with the mate book
and the mate book pro is really a better version of the MacBook come'm into.
It. Yeah. They.
Nailed it. There's no, bezzless the way that webcam pops up from the, the,
that found.
Interesting. I don't know if, how it's angles. It's like up your, no, exactly.
It's like on the table level of wherever you're sitting. Yeah.
Kind of looking up at you. That's very odd. But yeah, there's,
there's a lot of great things about that, but I pull that thing up.
Mate, book pro wallwe, but meanwhile, it's probably spying on you all day long.
Yeah. The thing sending information to the Chinese government. Yeah.
Wawe's reputation's not so hot.
Um, they just found some spy chip and there's cell phones.
Oh, you're talking about the, uh, well,
there's a couple things that just happened with, with chips in hardware.
There's another thing about, uh, Bloomberg report. Did you see that? Yes.
Of, uh, the chips that came from all these, this,
this server company or this company that makes it chips that sells to all these
big companies like app and, and major major companies.
And now everyone's compromised and Apple's like, Nope, not true.
Definitely not true. Don't say that. Of course not us. Yeah. No,
a hundred percent. Not us <laugh> but like, yeah. That's,
that's a really weird story.
Look at this mate book. Like the bezels,
they're almost nonexistent that you challenge gorgeous website <affirmative> if
you're, if you're.
Or a gorgeous laptop brother, if you're waawe and you make that,
now you have to convince people to switch from the MacBooks that they love to
that. Yes. Just on looks alone. They could probably do it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but then there's all the other features like,
well it doesn't run maculas S 10 do I have iMessage? Right? Do I have no,
all these other things that I like about my Mac, this huge touch pad, right?
Um, well it does have a huge touch pad.
Yes. But I I'd say to this day,
still apple has the best laptop touch pads. The multi-touch stuff.
The battery life's supposed to be excellent as well. Right? Yeah. How.
How that chart, that chart was perfect. Cuz that's like all these X's for yes.
We have great design. We have better ports.
You only have USBC on a little MacBook pro we have full size USB.
We have all this stuff.
We'll give audio to the MacBook pro it's got bigger speakers, whatever,
but we have a better battery life. We have all this better, lower price,
all this stuff.
And you still have to reconcile with what people love the out their MacBook
pros, which is Maccos 10. Well.
There's that. But there's also, people love having an apple product that too.
They do love that. Yeah. They love like if someone, if you could.
Put an apple logo on a Huwe, I wonder how many they could sell it.
Probably be a little better. Sell.
The out of them. Yeah. Well, you know,
some comic has a joke about texting a girl and the text message comes.
I can green you go. She's poor. <laugh>.
Cause it's the true thought people have. Yes.
People want iMessage. Like if you're,
if you're messaging someone and you find out it won't send an iMessage,
you'll only send a text message. Like, oh, it's weirdo. They have a flip phone,
like some weird.
Cave person. I've been on the other side of that. Like I carry an iPhone,
but I don't. I text people on my Android phone. So I've never been on the, uh,
judging side. But I, I wonder about that every day. Like really?
What does it matter? Like I text you with a green bubble,
which apple decided first of all, to differentiate iMessage versus text message,
which is hilarious. Um, what, who cares? Like the, well.
Does matter, the loop does look.
Better. It I'm sure they, it to, they I'm sure in a software update,
they tweaked that green to make it look extra harsh.
Well, you know what it is is they figured out,
they figured out with pool tables a long time ago, like pool tables,
the cloth generally is green. Right?
<affirmative> but when they started playing in professional tournaments,
they realized that blue cloth is actually easier on the eyes and you could do
differentiate, differentiate the edges better.
So a lot of like really high end professional matches are played on blue cloth.
Now that makes sense. It's like a light blue sky. Blue cloth.
Yeah. I've seen. And that's I guess, because of the way your eyes work. Yeah.
Like something about primary colors and the cones.
And you're more contrast sensitive to blue, something like that. I don't know.
I, well.
Something about the way,
the way white contrast with green is not quite as pleasing as white contrasting
with blue where,
but it could be the apples with you with the green <laugh> they give you some
vomit green, make.
It some brown color next year. Yeah. What the color of the app is green.
What.
Why wouldn't they make it blue? I message the app.
That button you to open it is green. It's a green.
Why not make it blue? That's really true. Yeah. What the?
That's a very good point, Jamie. Hey <laugh> yeah. Why did they do that's still?
Why would it be green? When you're sending blue messages, apple,
he dorks Steve, Jobs's dead. You guys are.
You don't know what you're doing design. Um, but the, the mate book,
other than that, it's supposed to have a better keyboard.
It's supposed to have a keyboard. That's probably similar to that surface book.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and it's supposed to have better battery life. Beless yeah.
Bezoless touchscreen touchscreen.
Higher resolution.
But you got to deal with windows 10, which is a little bit of a pain in the.
I gotta admit it's like the updates are almost daily.
There's something going on with firmware or something going on with this or
that, or I've.
Gotten used to it mostly though,
because most of what I do on my laptop is pretty web-based.
So I'm just living in Chrome or safari or whatever. Right.
So it's not a big deal, but then yeah,
once I have to go out and I'm gonna go in light room and do some photo work and
then like suddenly I'm digging through files and I'm in windows and it's then
you start to yeah. Feel like you're different. Yeah.
When you, first time you have to update a driver. You're like, what is it? 1996.
Yeah. The is going on here. Updating drivers.
I try to avoid that. Oh.
It's just they're though. Like, it's way better than it was five years ago.
Yeah. You know, five years ago you would look at windows. You'd be like,
this is like some archaic. Pixelated.
Came from Vista to windows seven to windows,
10 Vista was kind of that nightmare. And then they kind of have worked upwards.
Since I started with the windows 95,
I used to make my own computers back in my hardcore video gaming days. Nice.
I used to go to fries, electronics and get motherboards and the box and fans.
And.
I started that online.
So I never went to a physical computer store to buy parts,
but I would have to do the whole like cross,
cross referencing what's compatible with what online and then put together a,
a whole list and then just buy it. And then nine boxes show up and like,
hopefully they all work. Yeah. But yeah, it was the same experience.
Yeah. And SLI video cards and connecting them with that cable.
And all that stuff. You ever mess up in break one. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah.
up makes you, but fixing, it makes you feel like you did something. Well,
there's.
Something going on when you're like the jumpers for the motherboard and you're
moving stuff around and it's, it is, it was cool. Yeah.
And then once you actually got online with a computer, you made yourself,
you're like, this is yeah. Something about this.
And I remember when you used to be able to do that with apple,
you used to be able to buy clones.
Yeah. I mean, my, so I way back in the day, still in high school,
I had a Dell XPS, like seven 30, I think it was called this huge desktop.
Where again, you could like take this CPU cooler out, put a new one in,
it was modular fully. And then apple also made this huge desktop,
this power Mac mm-hmm <affirmative> or I don't know what it was called at the
time, but it was again massive. You could take the graphics card out,
put a new one in, you could take the Ram out, take the CPU.
But it was like this, this weird system where like,
they were on like decks and you had to like trunk,
like take this big metal slot out and then do the CPU there and then put it back
in. Yeah. It was really satisfying to like change the hardware and like, yeah,
I did that. And then you put it up and it's like, that's exactly right now.
It's got eight gigs around. Yeah. There's some, especially.
I don't know. I think it's a man thing too. Men like changing.
Carburetors, the mechanical fields. Yeah. Yeah.
That's probably a lot to do with the two. Yeah. That's it? That thing. Yeah.
I remember that sucker one generation after that, cuz that whole,
that it had like basically like elevator levels to it,
like at the top level and on the bottom level and on the hard drives and the
power supply and the top, like all that stuff. And you can mess with that.
If you go over someone's.
House and they have that now you're like, what the is.
Wrong with you? But that's the thing about like that was the most accessible,
modular desktop apple ever, ever made.
And now they're making this promise again, like, all right, we listened,
we know that little trash can,
Mac pro was not good thermally or design wise for anyone.
So we're gonna make a modular professional desktop Mac pro again,
that's what they said. And it's gonna be next year sometime.
And I keep picturing that.
I picture them going back to the roots of like a real bonafide desktop.
Cause right now the most powerful I, or Mac you can get is the iMac pro.
And you can't even update the Ram in the iMac pro really?
You can't update anything about iMac pro really? Yeah.
What you buy is what you get.
If you buy a $7,000 iMac pro you will have that spec forever.
Apple doesn't want you opening anything in that thing. So when they say, yeah,
we're gonna make a modular updateable real well designed apple
desktop. I'm like, I really hope they're doing that. Like ex.